DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: Bakugan Battle Brawlers
in Bakugan Idol!
[\u266a]
What?
Wow, a penthouse with a high view...
too bad the commute's a real killer.
HO! Taxi!
Quick!
To the flower bed below and step on it!
Yah, they certainly are taking their time.
But after Six months of construction
and two months of coffee breaks,
we still don't know what it is?
What on earth could take so long to build?
A government office?
If you ask me...
I'd say a Dance Studio.
How about a fitness centre and a spa!
DAN: I think you're all
building something out of nothing.
It's not nothing...
A Mall or a coffee shop could have disastrous effects
on my parents' restaurant.
And According to my market research calculation...
Ha, Market Research?
Don't make me laugh...
You barely have customers never mind a market.
[scream]
[gasps]
Oh! You!
Grrrr!
Dan! Just let this one go.
This is one battle you won't win.
Why you freeloading ungrateful brat!
But, but it was just a joke.
Don't freeze me out of the free snackage...
I'm your best customer.
Hey Guys!
I just solved the skyscraper mystery!
Hunh?
[clears throat]
Turns out!
It's my brand new house!
[groans]
Yah I know.
I was floored when my parents first told me
where we were gonna be moving to.
I kept it a secret so that I could tell you in person
and see the look on your faces!
And, so we're throwing a party and you're all invited.
[yawn]
Oh NO!
Oh, No-No-No-No!
[chirping]
Silence! Silence!
Evil Five headed monster!
Back off!
I have weapons!
What? What are you doing?
Put down that stick!
Stop pushing me!
Tuck and Roll! Tuck and Roll!
AAAAAAHHH!
Ouh! Ow! Ah!
That was a rock!
MUST-Resist-studden-Stop!
Oh no a truck!
I can't see!
I can't se-oh it's a leaf.
Wow!
That's his house?
Wicked!
When you said he was full of it...
I didn't realize you meant cash.
It must be so awesome to have so much money,
with the parties, and the cars and computers
and the clothes, and the clothes.
DAN: Yeah and line ups to get into those parties?
Come on this is nuts.
What kind of house warming has a guest list
and a bunch of posers waiting 2 hours to get in?
Hey! What's my mom doing there?
Oh, this is so not good.
Hi Dan! Hi Runo!
Hey- Marucho!
What's poppin?
Hey, it's great to finally meet you,
like the new clothes?
RUNO: Uh, they kind-a look like the ones you always wear.
But you do look very nice.
Marucho, so these are you're Cyber friends?
I'm relieved, I mean-I'm very pleased to meet you.
We are his Parents.
Oh, hi!
Sorry I took up so much time with your dial up.
Uh, welcome to the 'hood.
I'm Dan.
And I'm Runo.
Well, no need to worry, we now have the latest
in fiber optics.
Yes, we upgraded everything thanks to a sweet land deal,
in fact Dan's neighborhood is so cheap...
I nearly bought out the entire block ha,ha,ha.
Ha, yeah cheap.
Hey Dad, can I give a tour of our mansion,
I'll even do a preliminary security check.
Sure.
Knock yourselves out.
Great, follow me, we'll start with the retinal scans.
Uh, Okay.
Now, this is the entrance where the closet is.
DAN: Wow, you certainly have a lot of people
hiding in your closet.
RUNO: This is so huge!
We're talking major Bling!
MARUCHO: I know and yet my parents insist on basic cable.
What's up with that!?
HA!
Now for operation magnum stealth-
Whoa---Whoa!
Ouch!
Ah!
-AAAAh!
Ouch!
Stop it!
Ouch my shins!
DAN: So how is it again
that your father just happened to pick
my so called cheap neighbourhood?
Well.
No offence but I wanted to make sure that you were legit.
You see my dad, he's a developer, tracked you down.
Saw cheap land, evicted a school,
tore a few homes down
and that's how he makes his millions.
My school?
No way!
Unbelievable.
Ha,ha...
he evicts SO many schools you could almost say
it was his \"Primary\" business.
Man, I wish I had the money to bulldoze my school.
Yah!
So this is your fave spot?
Check this out!
Whoa!
This place is totally off the hook!
Yah, Dan I'm sure the space
is bigger than your house
but my bedroom's down the hall,
that's the bathroom.
Wha'?
[sound of flushing]
Even the toilet, is tricked out...
What? Hunh?
MARUCHO: Yes, my mom likes to collect things
like figurines and endangered species.
Look! The giraffes are in love!
Look at that other Panda!
RUNO: Awww.
MARUCHO: Yes, it's big,
but in the middle of the night it's a bit of a trek
just to get water.
DAN: Oh wow!
This is way cool my friend.
RUNO: Your plasma TV looks like a jumbotron from here.
That's because it is...
watch this.
Hey you Guys!
That's a pretty cool trick you're doing,
fitting onto one little screen like that.
And not the multi screens.
Technology's so awesome.
Uhh Maybe 'cause we're all over at Marucho's house?
And how come?
Or did someone conveniently forget to invite me?
Wasn't picking up the phone and calling me your job, Runo?
Oh Geeze.
I'm sorry.
I just totally forgot.
Yah, She's having trouble connecting the dots
these days...
[slap]
Ow! What's that for?
Calling you a scatter brain?
No... I don't remember.
Ahheeeeeyahhhh!
Ohhhhh!
Make it stop!
Make it st-ooooo-p!
Oh--Deviled eggs- Deviled eggs-
AH! Deviled eggs...
And freshly shaved pork rinds.
International cuisine is just so exotic.
Oh, I should have stopped at 12, or 16.
Oh great, where's the bathroom?
[knocking]
Hello? Anyone there?
I'm looking for the ladies wash-room...
What the-?
Are these real?
What the what?
AH !
Gorgeous!
That looks delicious on you!
Our chewy jewelry line-
Oh! Ah-Oh -Uh!
Your-your chewy jewelry line?
Oh!
I'm sorry I shouldn't be helping myself
after I just ate lunch.
Wait!
Go ahead and keep it.
It's all low fat...
In fact help yourself to more.
LOW FAT!
No way!
Can I get a security box to go?
[Giggles]
...Uh, me and my
...Bakugan friends were just leaving.
Uh, come on guys.
MARUCHO: Round 2... comin' up.
Bakugan Battle Brawlers is back on track.
Hi!
And welcome back!
We bring you tonight-
the ultra hip Jenny and Jewls
Super Sync Sound Extravaganza!
[\u266a]
[applause]
Whoa!
Jenny and Jewls?
Hey Y'all, were here to hop with our super pop
'cause we don't stop.
Or miss a beat, 'cause we are hot.
We're Jenny and Jewls, Super Sync Sound.
That Jenny is so cute,
she even makes listening to them bearable.
Ah Jewls, no voice is as beautiful as yours.
MMmmmm...
OH!
Are you completely wacked out?
The group is trash without Jenny.
You're crazy!
She doesn't even do her own singing,
she lip syncs to a sound track that plays along.
GRRggrr!
Oh yeah. This is gonna take a while.
Okay, now, Tell us about what really inspires you the most.
Bakugan!
Bakugan?
Straight up!
It's the game that anyone who's anybody is playing!
Yah-hawn!
Bakugan is the coolest!
Why it's all over the news!
Yah-uh-I knew that...
What! They play Bakugan too?
They must be the best.
Yah the best of girl players.
WHAT!
Huh?
You don't even know THEM but you're calling THEM THE BEST?!
Tha-a-at's RICH!
Excuse me!
Refreshments for your overheated friends Sir?
MARUCHO: Just follow me,
there's a full spread, if you feel up to it.
DAN: My stomach is ready to rumble, let's go.
Huhn?
Must keep moving!
Must stay focused!
Can't stop moving!
Must move!
MUST!
Oh-Must rest before exhaustion!
[sigh]
I have the strange sensation I'm being followed.
Ah! Abort mission!
Maybe they don't see you...
Yeah, Yeah! That it!
Just don't look...
remain in the Stealth position ...
O-o-o-o-oh!
Maybe I should take a peek.
Okay act casually and no one will notice.
[whistling]
Hey, was that Bakugan just whistling?
Yah?
Oh no!
I've been spotted!
And what's it doing wearing all that jewelry?
I dunno, but I think that's last year's line.
Ugh Fine!
Take- me- to- your- leader.
Our leader!?
Yes your leader!
And I'm willing to negotiate.
For I am Aquos Preyas.
What?!
Aw! I'm tired!
I wanna play Bakugan.
I'm bored of work.
Yah, let's ditch all this and go play Bakugan.
Look, I don't wanna hear any more about Bakugan.
So until you two clowns are paid for it, zip it.
Fine!
[\u266a]
[crowd cheering]
Hi!
Clear the way!
Keep them all back!
Shove a little...
Use some force pipsqueak...
just don't stand there!
VOICE: Jenny and Jewls...
I am Masquerade!
Huh?
VOICE: Over here to the right.
Yes, yes...
No that's your left.
The other right.
Your right or mine?
Think yours?
Oh right!
VOICE: Do you ladies care for a little...
Bakugan Action?
A Bakugan Battle?
But our manager won't let us.
Oh she'll let us do it, as long as we get paid.
Oh, Jewls you are so smart.
She'll totally say yes, she NEVER turns down money.
Stand back!
Don't let them even- touch the girls!
What? Where are they!
Well, look what the cat dragged in.
Dragging-ON and Tiger-puss?
Dragging-ON?
Don't ever call me \"Tiger-puss\".
Hey man!
This is wicked!
Yeah really great grub!
But what's a Bakugan doing crashing your party?
Oh I was just, uhm, surveying stuff, whatever, and I-uh,
thought I'd drop in...
you don't mind do you Muchaco?
That's Marucho.
And you don't seem to talk like the other Bakugans.
Well, I'm no stranger to town.
I've been here about 6 months now.
So I've been around the block
quite a few times.
But, I won't bore you with details-
well actually there was this one time-
really funny story-
these creatures with claws had me up a tree-
BUTLER: Sorry Sir for interrupting
your fascinating story.
But you have further guests to attend to.
What? For me?
Hey boys, we're here to say,
we wanna brawl with just YOU today.
So get ready, cause we're here to play!
[\u266a]
We're Jenny and Jewls, Super Sync Sound!
Jenny and Jewls?
No way!
Wow!
Real live girls at my PARTY?
Let's throw a Bakugan block party!
So you guys feel like brawlin'?
Any place! Any time! I'm ready to roll!
I'll warn you now...
I am one of the best...
my name is Dan and I take no prisoners ...
well not yet.
ERRR!
This tanks!
I have one brawler!
'Tis unfortunate Madam.
Well now, this is it...
Are you ready to rock and roll Marucho?
Yep!
[\u266a]
What is taking Marucho so long?
I'm coming, I'm coming.
Sorry I took so long, I got these from my dad's factory.
Whoa! These shooters?
Let's try this puppy out!
Awh! This is a blast!
Runo! Check this out!
Okay. Enough!
Stop goofing off!
Ha-ha! Don't worry!
We've got another shooter lined up here for you.
HA!
Yah, well you and I might not need our shooters either
considering the advantage.
It just wouldn't be fair.
You-ooh!
Tisk! Tisk! Tisk!
Not so fast boys!
Hey Jewls!
Oh what luck!
We brought ours too!
DAN: Well well!
So boys, care for a friendly game of cards!?
That's the doom card!
[evil laughter]
So, so that means, Masquerade is behind this?
Let me think...
Hmm.
Yes, come to think of it he did give me his card.
I should have guessed you were up to something phony.
It matches perfectly with your sellout image.
But how? Just how...
...could you be so incredibly stupid...
don't you realize you're just puppets to Masquerade?
Huh? Puppets?
Don't think so.
This was a mutual business transaction.
Yah we're being paid to bust your moves.
Humph! Then get ready to dance!
Yes!
Field Open!
Doom Card! Set!
Gate Card! Set!
Now!
Let's start brawlin'!
Bakugan Stand!
Perfect Bull's-eye!
Ehhhh!
[\u266a]
What's up with Stinglash?
STINGLASH: Current power level 290 Gs.
No other data available.
Okay at power level 300 Gs, let's give Preyas a spin.
Ah! Nap over already!?
The opponent's attribute is Sub-Terra, so I'll pick-
Whoa Muchaco!
We don't need an ability card.
I got some tricks of my own to play.
So you have a plan?
Of course I do!
I plan on winging it.
Winging it?
Think that'll work?
Like a charm!
Just stand back and watch the magic.
Alright then!
Prepare yourselves for Battle!
Bakugan Brawl!
Preyas! Stand!
[roar]
Aquos Preyas has arrived!
Whoa!
This is straight up cool.
Wow Preyas!
You look awesome!
HA!
Get ready kiddies...
cause it's Showtime!
Uh.
Maybe I spoke too soon.
Okay, pick a card! Any card!
Don't show me! I love a surprise!
Just as much as the last guy who tried this trick and failed.
Nice clown act.
But will he drop the ball on my gate card?
Attribute, coming right up!
Great, we have a volunteer!
Ewaugh!
Now if you'll excuse me!
I'll just change!
Er-ee-ah!
Into something more comfortable.
Offer void where prohibited.
Some conditions apply.
What! ?
He changed his attribute to Sub-Terra? !
Impossible!
It's not unheard of but I've never seen it before!
The Preyas Species is known for changing its attributes.
Ah that feels better!
Much better!
What happened!
How can it go from Aqua to Sub-terra Attribute?
This Clown is some sort of Tricked out Chameleon!
STINGLASH: Power increase by 150 Gs on both teams.
Noooo.
How can his power level be increasing?
Hi-i-i-igh!
Yah!
Thanks ladies,
I could not have picked a better card myself.
Now if you'll excuse me.
Ta ta!
Thanks Preyas!
You were great!
Great!? I was awesome!
Alright!
Show's over, time to get back to business!
Well so! Bring it on then!
[\u266a]
DAN: A real creep shows up
on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
But first, Marucho and me have to battle
Super Sync Sound Extravaganza.
Hey, this is Dan,
and those two spinny singers give me a pretty good scare
by showing up with some wicked Bakugan combinations
that nearly send me packing.
And then, Drago explains the story
behind how all the Bakugan cards showed up.
I gotta tell ya, it's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Bakugan Brawl!
We'll see you there!